feat: Add info to restart after installing git (#142)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/migration/installation.md

To install MLAPI, use the Unity Package Manager passing a git URL to the MLAPI release:

> 1. Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) if you do not have it installed on your PC. After installing Git, restart your device (not just Unity, a full restart is needed).

Reviewer: Slight edit if ya like!
```suggestion
1. Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) if you do not have it installed on your PC. After installing Git, restart your system. A full restart is required to update for Git, not just applications.
```

> 1. Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) if you do not have it installed on your PC. After installing Git, restart your system. A full restart is required to update for Git, not just applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) if you do not have it installed on your PC. After installing Git, restart your system. A full restart is required to update for Git or you may receive an error adding packages.
```
